Robots are becoming more and more like humans.
They can build cars, clean your house,
and even do parkour .But in this video,
I'm cooking against three levels of
robots to find out who is the better
chef, robots or humans .For level 1, Mark
Rober will be the judge .We're going to
see if Nick can beat some of the most
basic kitchen robots that money can buy
.In level 1, we'll have 5 speed rounds,
chopping, stirring, toasting, pizza
making and cleaning .And to win, it's a
classic best 3 out of 5 .Are you team
robot or team Nick?
Claro que soy team robot .En este primer
minijuego, probaremos las habilidades de
chopping .Y en el cuadro de los robots,
tenemos el RoboCube .Es básicamente un
procesador de alimentos extremadamente
poderoso, con un par de ojos de Google.
Me gusta poner ojos de Google en mis
robots. ¿
Estás listo, Nick?
Vamos a hacerlo.
Empieza. ¿
Ahora?
Empieza, sí.
Estoy tomando mi tiempo, no me preocupes. ¿
Cuánto tienes que agregar, Nick?
Tú eres tipo robot.
Es cierto.
Eso parece ser un buen empezado. ¡
Oh, no!
Es muy rápido.